Cyrillized free URW fonts.

These fonts were made from the free URW fonts distributed with ghostcript.
There are NO changes in the latin part of them (I hope).
Cyrillic glyphs were added by copying suitable latin ones
and painting oulines of unique cyrillic glyphs in same style as the others.
For all modification pfaedit was used.
The license for result is (of course) same as for original fonts,
i.e. GPL with an exception that you can put these fonts in your own non-GPLed
documents. (Looks like LGPL from my point of view =).

The "sources" of these fonts in the native pfaedit format are available
at ftp://ftp.gnome.ru/fonts/sources

The great font editor pfaedit is available at http://pfaedit.sf.net.
That page also includes some links to fonts created by
George Williams -- the author of pfaedit.

Acknowledgements:
I would like to thank George Williams, the pfaedit's author and developer.
He is the most bug-reporter/feature-requester friendly developer
I ever saw in my not so short life. At some moment in the future
I must write a book about him: "George Williams and my best experience
in bug-reporting." George also greatly helped me bug-hunting these fonts,
explained to me some very important things about fonts and font design,
quickly adopted pfaedit to my needs (or pointed me to The Right Place in
documentation where I found better way of doing things).

I would like to thank Alexey Novodvorsky (aka AEN), who
pointed me to pfaedit and George Williams' fonts, explained
The Task to me. He is also one of the main participators in the
development of Sysiphus -- free repository of free software.
I didn't loose my time for compiling/installing and supporting
my linux box coz I used the result of Sysiphus developers' works.

I would like to thank Sergey Vlasov, who tested these fonts and reported
about bugs. Also he help me to make some bug-reports to George about
pfaedit bugs.

I would like Dmitry 40in, who did big QA for some font outlines, drawn some glyphs,
and explain some The Truths for me.

I would like to thank Vlad Harchev (aka hvv), who
proofread this text for me.

Also I have to thank RMS for GPL and URW for releasing the fonts
under it.

Thank you very much!
Valek Filippov frob@df.ru
(C)opyLeft 2001